28839 search element (#28930)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/118/index.md

### HTML

> - Added support for the {{HTMLElement('search')}} element. This element is a group element that should contain all the elements relating to a search or filtering operation ([Firefox bug 1824121](https://bugzil.la/1824121)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The {{HTMLElement('search')}} element is now supported. The `<search>` element is a group element that serves to contain all the elements used in a search or filtering operation ([Firefox bug 1824121](https://bugzil.la/1824121)).
```
